In the 6 months we've been working
together, we've had a 77% increase in
non-branded traffic. That was definitely
higher than my expectation.
>> How would you say the process has gone
so far working with us?
>> I would say you guys are incredibly
professional, very responsive. Process
has been fluid, and I would say there
hasn't been a hitch at all. I may be
talking my own book here, but the
LinkedIn playbook really worked on me.
[laughter]
The upside is substantially more site
traffic that is relevant and a very
professional and rocksolid agency to
work with.
>> Hey Adam, can you briefly introduce
yourself and can you give us a quick
summary of what your company does?
>> Sure. I am founder and CEO of RB2B and
Retention.com and both companies do
person level website visitor identity.
RB2B does it for B2B. Retention.com does
it for ecom.
>> Nice. And can you give us a quick
snapshot of what SEO AI search looked
like before partnering with us at
breaking B2B?
>> Well, it was zero. I've never done
anything with SEO. All my businesses
have been like cold outbound and
salesled and I didn't know where to
start. I I don't know what else to say.
I had no idea where where to start with
it whatsoever.
>> Got it. No, fair enough. And I suppose
on that note, I'm guessing you weren't
seeing much impact when it comes to SEO
or AI search cuz most of your business
like you say was kind of found a brand,
your LinkedIn posting and outbound.
>> Yeah, RB2B is entirely LinkedIn and we
had a bit of a cold email operation
going that I sort of viewed as canvasing
but no search related anything to speak
of whatsoever.
>> Gotcha. What would you say were perhaps
in that case some of the challenges that
you faced when it comes to kind of SEO
showing up on Google or showing up on
LLM?
>> Well, look, the business is 2 years old,
so I wasn't concerned about it at the
time, but the problem is my topline
growth had kind of plateaued from these
two channels that I had been that were
my points of maximum leverage. So when
you start thinking about what can I do
for a PLG low price, you know, SAS that
we're selling to B2B, there's not too
many other things, you know, I I I don't
think a paid funnel will work for this
business, right? So it's like it it was
like a very obvious next step, but
again, like you know how the world of
SEO is like I I it's just I don't know
who to work with. I don't know where to
start. I I you know, I don't know what
one guy says you should be doing one
thing, one guy says you should be doing
the opposite. And it's very difficult to
navigate as a non-professional,
>> especially in the world of AI search.
Like there's so much conflicting
information across LinkedIn, YouTube,
and and everywhere. Almost everyone's
got their own two cents on what does and
what doesn't work.
>> Yeah, because it's such great content.
It's such great content because no one
knows what to do. [laughter]
>> Exactly. Exactly. That's almost it. If
you had to pin it down to one or two
points, what would you say it was that
made you decide to partner with us?
>> I had built a personal relationship with
you from being on the show before. I'd
read your content. You know, I may be
talking my own book here, but the
LinkedIn playbook really worked on me.
You know what I mean? It's like you read
a bunch of posts from someone and I
thought you were smart, a domain expert,
and [music] you know, it came time to do
it. You were the one that made sense to
me because you were kind of the highest
status individual in the space in my
head. Oh,
>> I appreciate that. And how would you say
the process has gone so far working with
us? onboarding was I would say was as
expected just sort of like providing you
know the the the information that's
necessary to do any kind of work like
this. I would say you guys are
incredibly professional, very
responsive. The process has been fluid
and I would say there there hasn't been
a hitch at all. I mean there was a
problem when I had a design problem on
my end. You guys took it over. No
problem anymore.
>> So in terms of results, what kind of
results have you seen so far? Look, in
the six months we've been working
together, we've had a 77% increase in
non-branded traffic. And uh I didn't
really have an expectation for what it
would be, but that was definitely higher
than my expectation.
>> Nice. And I suppose at a high level,
what kind of impact do you think that's
giving to your business?
>> I mean, I think there's just a lot more
visibility from people searching for
relevant topics who hit our site. you
know, it's slowly growing this top of
funnel that as each day goes by, it gets
harder and harder to grow for us.
>> Appreciate I appreciate the kind words.
And I suppose if there's any B2B tech
SAS marketers or founders that are maybe
tuning into this and are perhaps on the
fence about partnering with us at
Breaking B2B, what would you say to
them?
>> I would say definitely at least do an
exploratory call. You'll know your
downside. It's the length of the
commitment that you make. You know, the
upside is substantially more site
traffic that is relevant and a very
professional and rockolid agency to work
with. No,
>> I appreciate it, man. Thanks for taking
the time.
>> No problem.
>> And if you're ready to start scaling
mind share, pipeline, and revenue
through SEO and AI search, why not grab
a call with me over at breakingb2.com
so we can talk through where you're at,
share some practical tips, ideas, and
advice, and see if we're a good match to
partner together on SEO and AO. That's
breaking.com or hit the link in the
description below to grab your call. Or
if you're not ready, you can grab my
free 90 days to revenue SEO and AO
course. Head over to breakingb2t2b.com,
hit the newsletter tab, and you can
unlock it instantly. And with that, I
shall catch you on the next one. Cheers.